posts/notes.md, before:

---
title: Notes
description: Notes taken in threaded-discussion's early design phases. 
date: 2022-04-03
tags:
  - Info
  - Design
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

## Week 12 ##
### API Documentation ###
OpenAPI Documentation, including names, functionality, query parameters, and sample return data can be viewed on [stoplight](https://da-penguins.stoplight.io/docs/threaded-discussion).

### Work Completed This Week ###
#### Backend: ####
- Added backend logic for 4 CRUD related operations for each comment
  - Create `/submit-comment`
  - Read `/get-comment`
  - Update `/edit-comment`
  - Delete `/delete-comment`
- Added Additional 'Like Comment' backend API logic `/like-comment`
- Created `/auth` API for future implementation of JWT authentication on each API endpoint

#### API/PM: ####
- Create OpenAPI specs on Stoplight for all API endpoints and database models.

#### Frontend: ####
- Continue development of user interface, including setup of base comment structure.
## Week 11 ##
### Comment Workflow ###
![Comment-workflow-diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48635853/160300983-77c89afa-554d-4e28-8648-06e6f9034c39.png)
### Reply Workflow ###
![Reply-userflow-diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48635853/160300745-cb69a590-b35b-4a5f-abbd-390a0f993d2f.png)


## Week 10 ##
### Initial Mock-up ###
![mockup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48635853/159184135-4fe54c8c-8fd3-4602-a754-17766fb57065.jpg)

### Details ###

#### Visual Changes ####
1. Add post more visible
2. Padding
3. Visuals-- make everything pretty
4. Seed Propic?
5. Edit/delete/reply
6. Call BE to get comments

#### Backend Changes ####
1. Delete post-main-- content unavliable/replys stay
2. Delete reply== gone from the post-main
3. Update schema
4. Update demo
5. Local Storage-- demo
6. post-main-- UUID
7. comments-- UUID
8. Get all comments

#### Database Schema
[See DBDiagram ER diagram for relational database schema](https://dbdiagram.io/d/623369b20ac038740c529b9c) 
![Diagram Image](https://i.imgur.com/mFoLAaT.png)

### Questions ###
- What is the best way to tie comments to each other in the database?
- What can we use from the Nikki's work vs. what will we need to reinvent? 
### Next Steps ###
- Continue examining Nikki's code to determine what can/should be used in our work.
- Begin fledging out design and initial backend.

Commit message:

Updated notes file for week 13

posts/notes.md, after:

---
title: Notes
description: Notes taken in threaded-discussion's early design phases. 
date: 2022-04-10
tags:
  - Info
  - Design
layout: layouts/post.njk
---
## Week 13 ##

### Work Completed This Week ###
- Significant updates to user interface
- Implemented user authentication and session validation via `/auth` endpoint
- Tie user credential checks into other API endpoints
- API Documentation is complete and available **_[here](https://da-penguins.stoplight.io/studio/threaded-discussion?source=b5xrzjkw&symbol=%252Fp%252Freference%252Fapi.yaml%252Fpaths%252F%7E1get-comment%252Fget)_**
- User flows have been updated, with User Authentication being the only flow that has not been documented ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48635853/162653524-4ec45952-4179-4e2a-ae18-76ca32507c16.png)
## Week 12 ##
### API Documentation ###
OpenAPI Documentation, including names, functionality, query parameters, and sample return data can be viewed on [stoplight](https://da-penguins.stoplight.io/docs/threaded-discussion).

### Work Completed This Week ###
#### Backend: ####
- Added backend logic for 4 CRUD related operations for each comment
  - Create `/submit-comment`
  - Read `/get-comment`
  - Update `/edit-comment`
  - Delete `/delete-comment`
- Added Additional 'Like Comment' backend API logic `/like-comment`
- Created `/auth` API for future implementation of JWT authentication on each API endpoint

#### API/PM: ####
- Create OpenAPI specs on Stoplight for all API endpoints and database models.

#### Frontend: ####
- Continue development of user interface, including setup of base comment structure.
## Week 11 ##
### Comment Workflow ###
![Comment-workflow-diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48635853/160300983-77c89afa-554d-4e28-8648-06e6f9034c39.png)
### Reply Workflow ###
![Reply-userflow-diagram](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48635853/160300745-cb69a590-b35b-4a5f-abbd-390a0f993d2f.png)


## Week 10 ##
### Initial Mock-up ###
![mockup](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48635853/159184135-4fe54c8c-8fd3-4602-a754-17766fb57065.jpg)

### Details ###

#### Visual Changes ####
1. Add post more visible
2. Padding
3. Visuals-- make everything pretty
4. Seed Propic?
5. Edit/delete/reply
6. Call BE to get comments

#### Backend Changes ####
1. Delete post-main-- content unavliable/replys stay
2. Delete reply== gone from the post-main
3. Update schema
4. Update demo
5. Local Storage-- demo
6. post-main-- UUID
7. comments-- UUID
8. Get all comments

#### Database Schema
[See DBDiagram ER diagram for relational database schema](https://dbdiagram.io/d/623369b20ac038740c529b9c) 
![Diagram Image](https://i.imgur.com/mFoLAaT.png)

### Questions ###
- What is the best way to tie comments to each other in the database?
- What can we use from the Nikki's work vs. what will we need to reinvent? 
### Next Steps ###
- Continue examining Nikki's code to determine what can/should be used in our work.
- Begin fledging out design and initial backend.
